1) Release must transfer correct data (forgotten spec)

2) grant data allowed to be incorrect if line is dirty (spec too strong)

3) Did not consider that matching acquires can be both requested and accepted.

4) Did not specify we can't have acquires for already obtained privs

5) Forgot to specify cannot have voluntary release with matching one already pending.

6) Did not account for fact that involuntary relase can occur when
privs are already lost.

7) Did not consider that release must have correct data only if exclusive (spec too strong)

8) Forgot to update transaction state on voluntary release.

9) Got condition for conflict of Acquires wrong.

10) Allowed duplicate grants.

11) Did not require that all preventing uncached ops must be actually
granted for an op can be requested (resulted in possible bad
serialization).

12) Didn't specify that can't have a new identical acquire while still
waiting for voluntary release to be acked.

13) Forgot to specify acquire data and address must match the abstract memory op.

14) Didn't consider that an request for privs client already has can
appear if a probe is outstanding, since the acking release may be delayed.

15) Had asserted that cannot probe after having seen a voluntary
release, but this is not true.

16) Had asserted that can only probe if client has priviledges on all
words of a line, but this is not true.

17) Had allowed repeat cached acquires when a probe pending, but this is wrong.

18) Rules for re-use of txids were wrong.

19) Forgot to specify a grant must refer to an operation that is
already serialized.

20) Did not consider the different txid can be in use for same line if
one acquire is requested and the other is accepted.

21) Incorrectly specified rules consistency rules for uncached
acquires (did not take into account localities).

22) Didn't specify that a relack may not occur while waiting for finish.

23) Didn't specify that a request cannot be accepted if the txid is in use for a different address.

24) For voluntary release, should have said cannot have requested *or* accepted transactions.

25) For voluntary relase, did not specify that must have some privs.



